* If you want to download ..See here
# Learn More

> Introduction

Mockformula, the original project name is Muncslemon. At the beginning of the 2018, the West Coast simulation of the United Nations Organizing Committee under the request began to develop an open source, free, powerful, supporting the split-screen of the free Conference simulation of the academic software. The software will evolve in a way that is more free (that is, not overly meeting rules but adaptable to different meeting rules).


> Featured Features

Mockformula (hereinafter referred to as MF) provides a split-screen feature that is not available in other software, and you can display streamlined meeting information on a large conference screen while playing games on your own screen. MF also supports voice function (is being perfected), it can read new motions, new questions, custom sentences, etc., so that the speaker (Bureau or other) voice of the Conference to maintain a healthy state. Of course, the simple layout and clever animations of the big-screen windows of their meetings will brighten your eyes. The control interface is more functional than similar software, which facilitates the quick operation of the controller.


> Support for the language

At present Mockformula support Chinese. Because I didn't intend to maintain it for as long as I started this project. But then demand demanded mockfor.


> Get MockFormula (Download)

To download and use, please go to https://gitee.com/VisualDust/MockFormula/repository/archive/master.zip for download.


>Requirements for computers using Mockformula

CPU  recommended Corei3 Four generations or better performance,                  Minimum no lower bound.,As long as not Intel8008. .
RAM recommended 4GB or higher.,
         Minimum, as long as your computer can boot.


> Development and contribution

The owner of the project, @visualdust, and all contributors to the project, @visualdust and @papercube, are now in high school and are good kids who love to study .


